My name is Jared. I came from Grand Prairie when I was about 10. ~~My parents are divorced so, being in the split household messes up things.~~ I am 16 years old. I will turn 17 on the **25th of April.** I like women. I like to make beats on a program called MASCHINE. I like to listen to music. I play the piano and the trumpet. I am involved in extra-curricular activities at Roosevelt such as: tennis, marching band, and jazz band. I am our **trumpet section leader** and I play piano as a hobby. I want to pursue my skill at playing the trumpet. We had a navy band recruiter come by yesterday. I might consider that as one of options. I'd need to get better to make that a possibility. My volume and inability to blend my sound with the rest of the band hinders me greatly. I want to be successful and for that to happen, I need to shape up and take this seriously. 600 words sounds like a lot of words until you just power through it and get it done. See? I'm almost at 200 words now. I have a bit of troubling tendencies. I have this habit of cutting myself and attempting suicide. I don't want to let these people that care about me down. I want to be there for my brother when he brings a girlfriend to meet us. I want to be here to graduate college. I want to graduate high school. I want to keep my mom safe. No matter how annoying my little sister can get, I still want to watch her grow up and keep her safe. I want to be the big brother she brags about. I have a dream that one day, I'll get to play my trumpet similar to a professional. A sound that I strive for. I don't completely believe in religion yet. My dad jams it into my head every morning. I play a lot of video games. I enjoy MOBA's. MOBA is an acronym that stands for multiplayer online battle arena. I play *League of Legends* and *Smite*. **I am an *AD carry* player**. I focus on sustained damage in team fights and gaining gold while in lane. I also play Destiny 2 because I spent money on the expansions. I wouldn't want that money to go to waste.
